Bass1
BB Series
As the go-to instrument for some of the biggest names in bass since its introduction in 1977, players like Nathan East, Tony Kanal, Billy Sheehan, Glenn Hughes, Robbie Takac, Peter Hook, and Jack Gibson have made their signature sound with a BB. The new BB takes the iconic style and versatility of this classic bass, and its legendary sound, to a new level.

Bass2
TRBX
You’re the bedrock of your music. The foundation. The fundamental. The link. You need an instrument with the strength and power to perform. An instrument that gives you the freedom to innovate, to create and push the boundaries. You need a bass where everything‘s just right. Sound, feel, looks – nothing comes second.


Bass3
RBX Series
Progressive designs and effortless playability make the RBX series our best-selling basses.


Bass4
BBNE2
Nathan East has appeared on countless albums and has toured with some of the biggest names in modern music. Whether he is playing blues with Eric Clapton, pop with Phil Collins or contemporary jazz with Fourplay, Nathan relies on his BBNE2 signature five-string bass to deliver the tone he needs.


Acous1
STORIA
Invite music into your life with the stylish and inspiring STORIA series - guitars that reflect your personal style and inspire creativity at a glance.


Acous2
FG / FS Red Label
Inspired by Yamaha’s iconic “red label” guitars of the 1960s, new FG Red Label folk guitars blend modern inspiration with a timeless design.

Acous3
TransAcoustic Guitars
The Yamaha Transacoustic Guitar recreates that incredible experience without needing any external amplification or effects just the guitar itself. It’s the most inspiring, engaging acoustic guitar you've ever played.

Acous4
A Series
The Yamaha A Series takes your acoustic performance to the next level with dynamic, natural amplified tone; a refined, powerful acoustic voice and outstanding playability.


Elec1
REVSTAR Series
Inspired by custom bikes and Japanese craft, engineered for the stage.


Elec2
SBG Series
The historic SBG models are individually handcrafted by the highly skilled master luthiers of the Yamaha Music Craft workshop in Hamamatsu, Japan.


Elec3
Pacifica
One of the best electric guitar values for over a decade, Yamaha Pacifica guitars are well known for great tone and outstanding playability.

Elec4
Hollow
Archtop guitars are boundless in time and tradition. Yamaha crafts some of the finest archtops in the world – our artists have known this secret for years.

Amps1
THR-II
More power, more sounds, and new wireless options.

Amps2
THR
THR is designed to fit where, when, and how you play when you’re not on stage. With big amp response, incredible effects, and hi-fi stereo sound in a package that’s built to meet all of your off-stage needs, you’re about to begin a new chapter in your playing.

Amps3
THR Head
THR heads bring VCM amp modeling to the studio or stage.

Amps4
Cabinet
These speaker cabinets are the perfect match for THR heads.
